Update anki URLs to use HTTPS by default (#9400)
ankidroid/Anki-Android: README.md

</p>

# AnkiDroid

> A semi-official port of the open source [Anki](https://ankisrs.net/index.html) spaced repetition flashcard system to Android. Memorize anything with AnkiDroid!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A semi-official port of the open source [Anki](https://apps.ankiweb.net/index.html) spaced repetition flashcard system to Android. Memorize anything with AnkiDroid!
```
